viziphant-new (except UEA) (#19)
INM-6/viziphant: LICENSE.txt

> Copyright (c) 2015-2020, INM-6 & IAS-6

Reviewer: For consistency with the commits, let's change the date to 2017:
```suggestion
Copyright (c) 2017-2020, Institute of Neuroscience and Medicine (INM-6), Forschungszentrum Jülich
```
